Grading Updates (#11)
introcompsys/spring2023: syllabus/badges.md

There are also some hard thresholds on learning badges. 
You must have:
- 24 experience badges to earn a D or above
- at least 18 additional total across reivew and practice to earn above C or above

Only community badges can make exceptions to these thresholds. So if you are missing learning badges required to get to a threshold, your community badges will fill in for those.  If you meet all of the thresholds, the community badges will be applied with more weight to give you a step up (eg C to C+ or B+ to A-). 

Community badges have the most weight if you are on track for a grade between D and B+  

If you are on track for an A, community badges can be used to fill in for learning badges, so for example, at the end of the semester, you might be able to skip some the low complexity learning badges (experience, review, practice) and focus on your high complexity ones to ensure you get an A. 

More precisely the order of application for community badges: 

> - to make up missing experience badges 
> - to make up for missing reivew or experience
> 

Author: ```suggestion
- to make up missing experience badges 
- to make up for missing review or practice badge to reach a total of 18 between these two types
- to upgrade review to practice to meet a threshold
- to give a step up (highest weight)

```

There are also some hard thresholds on learning badges. 
You must have:
- 24 experience badges to earn a D or above
- at least 18 additional total across reivew and practice to earn above C or above

Only community badges can make exceptions to these thresholds. So if you are missing learning badges required to get to a threshold, your community badges will fill in for those.  If you meet all of the thresholds, the community badges will be applied with more weight to give you a step up (eg C to C+ or B+ to A-). 

Community badges have the most weight if you are on track for a grade between D and B+  

If you are on track for an A, community badges can be used to fill in for learning badges, so for example, at the end of the semester, you might be able to skip some the low complexity learning badges (experience, review, practice) and focus on your high complexity ones to ensure you get an A. 

More precisely the order of application for community badges: 
- to make up missing experience badges 
- to make up for missing review or practice badge to reach a total of 18 between these two types
- to upgrade review to practice to meet a threshold
- to give a step up (highest weight)

> 

Author: below here is auto-generated javascript to make an interactive plot
